ccscript Library NEWS -- history of visible user changes. 2000-04-25

Release 2.0.0

This is a major rewrite to support GNU Common C++ "2" and features
support for all kinds of new multi-line conditional constructs.  If
can now extend thru a then-else-endif block and can be nested.  Do
and For loops can have segmented conditional cases embedded in them.

Release 1.7.0

A news entry is a big surprise.  The spec for symbol parsing has been
changed to suport a local variable heap for call based functions and the
ability to specify setting of local and global variables.  This and
direcxt support for DSO binding in the core interpreter is perhaps the
single largest fundimental change in ccScript behavior since inception.
This release is the first GNU release of ccScript.

Release 1.2.5

The most visible change is the addition of 8 "global locks" which can be
used to sychronize events between scripts where only single event
execution dispatch must occur.  This is carried by the new lock and
unlock commands.  If a trylock is in use by another script, an ^error
handler is invoked.  When a script exits, any locks it held are
automatically released.  The "waitlock" command will wait until a lock
becomes available.

Release 1.1.1

The most visible change is that the script compiler has been significently
expanded in ways that should make writing ccscript applications much
easier.  The first change is the use of compiler "directives".

Compiler directives are commands that are processed entirely during the
compile phase.  They may be used to process "include" files, to define
"$" constants, etc.  The most interesting of these is ".template",
which allows a script to inherit "trap handlers" from another loaded
script.  Hence, if the same trap handlers are used in multiple scripts
for an application, these common handlers could be given a script of
their own (traps.tmpl, for example) and included as needed.

Another important change is the use of subscript entities within a
single file.  This makes it possible to write a complete ccscript
application as a single script file rather than as multiple files.
Special name scope resolution is used to abbreviate script modules
in the same file.

Release 1.1.0

In that we had to change the size of the base ScriptInterp class, it was nessisary
to create a new version.  This release introduces the concept of "once" synchronization
within ccscript and optional passive testing for signal events, as well as the new "once"
and "on" keywords.  Also, some previously added commands from bayonne, such as "pack"
and "unpack" are now part of the core language.

Release 1.0.0

ccscript is the scripting engine used in Bayonne, the telephony server of
the GNU project.  ccscript used to be available as part of the "extras"
package of Common C++ but is now seperately available.

